So let's create a chart of dream of a storefront and then I'm going up and find that I have the installation
of Commerce I'm going up and to be content themes and here I'm going to create a new form that you can
name this whatever you want I'm going to name this cartoonist back and I'm going up and this fall there
in the I'm going obviously not done for the rest of the videos and I'm going to create the fights that
we need.
So when you carrying the child and you need to create a wonderful for the team and then you have to
create this that that's the essence and the functions that BHB these are the fires that you need to
create a child.
The what are going to start working with this.
That's yes.
So here's going I come in the same way.
If you really have experience will happen what Brazilian's you get.
Some extra information in the header.
So for example you can add a team name and what are going to call these when asked by combers then we're
going to that then you're right.
You can for example if you're selling this theme you can either you or Rothera right here.
Then cannot description description is going to be really careful if you submit your team into the water
Bresch repo so people can find your team to establish sort of an anchor in a spa with commerce and then
we're going out child of stuff from there and we're going to the outdoors.
You can add your name right here and I'm going my name is Tori.
And then we're going out.
They outlawed you.
Right.
So for example you can at your website.
In this case so people can visit your website if you decide to submit this into the word pre-poll or
if you're really nice for a client and everything then this is going to be de-friend so you can add
a template template is the name of the party in theme.
In this case the storefront is what another storefront.
This is the way that you made the connection between the Palin team and the writing name were going
out there virtually in this case it's going to be one point zero point zero.
And then we're going to have a license.
We're going to have a license.
And you General Public License version 2 or later.
Then you can either license your rights and people can actually read the license you the DP slash you
and you that or Nashe license Brora GPL dash 2.0 that is in the mail.
And then we're going to and some tax.
People can find your Widenius in the description or it tax so we're going out with combers spam and
just poncey lifeboat right sidebar and all this.
Finally what are the main So we're going to start from that the main So now we can save these up the
ranking of all comers.
We're going up in Iberians themes and you can see how we can get to witness combers.
You can click here and you will find all the information that we added in this that that's your sense.
For example we have the name the Bircher and the out or the description and you can see that we have
this is a child of a from as we call it that's right here.
So we're going to activate these activate and we're going out over the front end result right here.
And you can see everything looks the same because we added We created a child team that is you see in
a storefront as the patterned theme.
So we carried all the functionality and the style sheets into these new team bad.
For example you can override them instead and you can add something like a body bag the background color
and that's something like No save these and reload and you can see we have the blue collar.
So in this case for example next time that a new version of a star for one is added you can update your
stuff run and your changes are going to be saved.
And since we created these new fall there Daddy's side of us are from.
So these where you can overwrite all their files are you having a sort run.
And in any update one heart your child.
So what are going to start with you Dean or Brinig with these babies.
Remove these so they start working in the next video with these Web site.